---
chunk_id: unit_01855
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["DELUXE HERO\u2019S HANDBOOK", "FLAWS"]
---

Energy: You are made up of energy, such as fire or electricity: Damage (close or ranged), Flight, Immunity, Insub- stantial 3, and Teleport (Energy Medium). Gaseous: You are a cloud of gas, like fog or mist: Affliction (Suffocate), Concealment (Visual, Attack), Flight, Immu- nity, and Insubstantial 2. Ghost: You are incorporeal and invisible, largely unaffected by the physical world: Concealment (Visual), Flight, Im- munity, and Insubstantial 4. Heroic: You have a distinct “hero” form, in addition to your “normal” form. Essentially, all your powers have the Activa- tion modifier! The inability to assume your heroic form might also constitute a complication for you from time to time. Liquid: You are made up of liquid (such as water): Affliction (Suffocate), Concealment (Visual, Limited to Underwa- ter), Elongation, Immunity, Insubstantial 1, and Swimming. Particulate: Your body is composed of a granular or particulate substance like sand, dust, salt, and so forth: Dam- age, Elongation, Immunity, Insubstantial 1, and Movement (Slithering). Shadow: You transform into a living shadow: Concealment (Visual, Limited to Darkness and Shadows), Immunity, Insubstantial 4, and Movement (Slithering, Wall-crawling). Solid: You are made up of a hard solid substance like stone or metal: Enhanced Stamina, Enhanced Strength, Im- munity, and Protection. Swarm: Your “body” is actually thousands of other tiny creatures: insects, worms, even little robots: Flight, Immunity, Insubstantial 2, and Movement (Slithering, Wall-crawling). Two-Dimensional: You can flatten yourself to become almost infinitely thin: Concealment (Visual, Limited to One Side), Damage (Penetrating – sharp edges), Insubstantial 1 (for slipping through narrow spaces), and Movement (Slithering). 150150