---
chunk_id: unit_03055
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["RESISTIBLE", "-1 COST PER RANK"]
---

When applied to an effect that doesn’t normally allow a resistance check, this flaw gives it one. Choose the de- fense when the flaw is applied. Since effects that work on others allow a resistance check by definition, this nearly always applies to personal effects that allow someone in- teracting with them to circumvent the effect with a suc- cessful check. For example, an Enhanced Parry defense effect might re- flect a low-level reading of a target’s mind to anticipate and avoid attacks. It allows a Will resistance check to overcome the effect, denying you the defense bonus against that op- ponent (and applying this flaw to the effect). Likewise, your Concealment effect might be illusory rather than a true physical transformation, permitting a Will resistance check for someone to overcome it. A sustained Protection effect might be some sort of “kinetic field” that permits an attack- er a Fortitude resistance check to overcome it. When applied to an effect that does normally allow a re- sistance check, this flaw gives it an additional one, which may be the same as its normal resistance, or different. The target makes both resistance checks and applies the bet- ter of the two to determine the effect’s result. For example, a Damage effect might involve whirling blades an attacker can avoid with a successful Dodge resistance check, circumventing the need for a Tough- ness check against the damage. Similarly a Weaken effect based on a poison dart might add a Toughness check to see if the dart penetrates the target’s skin in addition to making the usual Fortitude check against the effect. The target of a Sense-Dependent effect must be able to perceive the effect for it to work. The target gets a Dodge resistance check. Success means the target has managed to avert his eyes, cover his ears, etc. and the effect doesn’t work. Otherwise the effect works normally and the target makes the usual resistance check against it, if any. Opponents aware of a Sense-Dependent effect can also deliberately block the targeted sense: looking away, cover- ing or blocking their ears, etc. This provides a +10 bonus to resistance checks against the effect, but gives others partial concealment from that sense. An opponent unable to use a sense (blind, deaf, etc.) is immune to effects dependent on it. Opponents can do this by closing their eyes, wearing ear- or nose-plugs, or using another effect like Concealment. This gives you total concealment from that sense. Sensory effects are Sense-Dependent by definition, and cannot apply this flaw. To give a target additional resis- tance to a sensory effect, use the Resistible flaw.