---
chunk_id: unit_00603
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["CHOOSING COMPLICATIONS", "MOTIVATION"]
---

Doing Good: Some heroes fight the good fight sim- ply because it’s the right thing to do and they believe in doing the right thing no matter what. Their strong moral center may come from a good upbringing (or a bad one that showed them what not to do) or the guidance or inspiration of a mentor or idol. Greed: There are those motivated by nothing more than the opportunity to make a profit off their heroic careers. They may be mercenaries for hire or market- ing machines who do good deeds but also rake in the proceeds from licensing fees and public appear- ances. More altruistic heroes tend to look down upon their profit-mongering peers. Justice: An overwhelming thirst for justice drives some heroes, a need to see the innocent protected and the guilty punished, even if they are beyond the reach of the law. These heroes walk a thin line. For some justice becomes a thirst for vengeance for injury done to the hero in the past, like the death of a loved one. Patriotism: Heroes are often devoted to the ideals of their home (or adopted) nation, and seek to serve that nation and its people with their abilities. Patri- otic heroes are often honored as champions of their homelands, but it is the service, and not necessarily the recognition, that matters. Recognition: Some heroes just want recognition or attention, and dressing up in a bright costume and fighting crime is one surefire way to get people to notice you. The hero may be a shy nobody out of cos- tume or a glory-hog who loves the spotlight. Responsibility: The responsibility of having great power can be a heavy burden but some heroes feel it is their duty to use the powers they’ve been given for the greater good. Oftentimes these heroes are trying to live up to an ideal like a mentor or a predecessor who inspired them. Thrills: For some the life of a superhero is all about excitement, thrills, danger, and challenge. These he- roes are in it for the action more than anything else.