---
chunk_id: unit_02301
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["DELUXE HERO\u2019S HANDBOOK", "EXTRAS"]
---

## EXTRAS

Attack: A Morph Attack imposes a different appearance on the target creature. Unlike an Affliction that imposes the transformed condition, a Morph Attack is entirely cos- metic: you can’t change the target’s traits other than ap- pearance. +0 cost per rank. Metamorph: Morph only changes your appearance; you still have all the traits of your normal form. This modifier allows you to have an alternate set of traits, essentially a complete alternate character you change into, one set of traits per rank in Metamorph. You can switch between sets of traits at will, once per round, as a free action. Your other form(s) must have the same point total as you and are sub- ject to the same power level limits. They must also have traits suitable to your Morph effect. For example, if you can only Morph into humanoid forms, then your alternate forms all have to be humanoid. All of your forms must have your full Morph effect as well; those power points cannot be reallocated. The GM may require certain additional com- mon traits for all of your forms, particularly mental abilities and skills, if you retain them. Metamorph is best suited to characters with defined sets of alternate traits. For a char- acter able to transform into a virtually unlimited number of forms with various traits, see the Variable effect later in this chapter. Flat +1 point per rank of Metamorph.