---
chunk_id: unit_02123
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["MUTANTS & MASTERMINDS", "EXTRAS"]
---

## EXTRAS

Action: This extra reduces the action required for you to use Healing. You cannot use Healing more than once per turn regardless. To heal multiple subjects at once, apply the Area modifier. +1 cost per rank. Affects Objects: Your Healing can also “heal” damage to non-living subjects. You make a Healing check against the subject’s worst damage condition, as normal. +1 cost per rank. Area: Healing with this extra grants the same benefit to all subjects in the affected area. Area Empathic Healing (see this power’s Flaws) is an unwise combination, as the heal- er takes on all of the damage conditions of the affected subjects at once! +1 cost per rank. Energizing: You can heal the fatigued and exhausted con- ditions as well as damage conditions: DC 10, one degree of success for fatigued, two degrees of success for exhausted. However, you take on the removed conditions and cannot use Healing to eliminate your own fatigue (although you can still use hero points to recover from them). If the Heal- ing check fails, you must wait the normal recovery time or use extra effort to try again. +1 cost per rank. Perception: Applied to Ranged Healing (following), Per- ception Ranged Healing does not require an attack check to “touch” the subject. +1 cost per rank. Persistent: Your Healing can remove even Incurable ef- fects (see the Incurable modifier). Flat +1 point. Ranged: Ranged Healing requires an attack check to “touch” the subject with the Healing effect. The GM may waive the check for a willing subject holding completely still, but the subject is defenseless that round, making it an unwise decision in the midst of combat. +1 cost per rank.