---
chunk_id: unit_03140
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["DELUXE HERO\u2019S HANDBOOK", "DELUXE HERO\u2019S HANDBOOK"]
---

## DELUXE HERO’S HANDBOOK

In many instances, players come up with creative uses for their characters’ descriptors. This should be encouraged and, generally speaking, allowed freely so long as those uses don’t spoil the game. So if a fire-using character wants to use a tiny amount of his flame blast power to light some candles, or the electrical-controlling character wants to use some of his power output to act as a living battery to jump-start a car, go for it. In the latter case you might want to call for a Technology skill check to make sure the character gets the terminals and the voltage right, but most of the time it’s bet- ter to just let the trick go through and give the character a chance to shine. Creative uses of descriptors with no real game effect are freebies: no extra effort or hero points needed. Situations where creative uses of descriptors have a significant game effect can be handled as power stunts: pick the effect that best suits the desired outcome and treat it as an Alternate Effect of the power the hero wants to use, with descrip- tors assigned as appropriate. If an electrical-controlling hero wants to use his power like a living defibrillator to save a heart-attack victim, for example, that can be a Healing power stunt. The hero uses extra effort (and possibly a hero point) and gets a one-shot use of Healing to stabilize the dying victim.