---
chunk_id: unit_01686
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["MODIFIERS", "POWER DESCRIPTORS"]
---

## POWER DESCRIPTORS

The rules in this chapter explain what the various powers do, that is, what their game effects are, but it is left up to the play- er and Gamemaster to apply descriptors to define exactly what a power is and what it looks (and sounds, and feels) like to observers beyond just a collection of game effects. A power’s descriptors are primarily for color. It’s more inter- esting and clear to say a hero has a “Flame Blast” or “Light- ning Bolt” power than a generic “Damage effect.” “Flame” and “lightning” are descriptors for the Damage effect. De- scriptors do have some impact on the game since some ef- fects work only on or with effects of a particular descriptor. A hero may be immune to fire and heat, for example, so any effect with the “fire” or “heat” descriptor doesn’t affect that character. The different sense types (see page 176) are de- scriptors pertaining to sensory effects. Generally speaking, a descriptor is part of what a power is called beyond its game system name. For example, a weather-controlling heroine has the following effects: Damage, Concealment, and Environment. Her Damage effect is the power to throw lightning bolts, so it has the descriptor “lightning.” If a villain can absorb electricity, then his power works against the heroine’s Damage (since lightning is electrical in nature). Concealment creates thick banks of fog, giving it the “fog” or “mist” descriptor. So if an opponent transforms into mist, with the ability to regener- ate in clouds or fog, he can regenerate inside the heroine’s Concealment area. Her Environment is the power to control the weather, giving it the descriptor “weather.” If the hero- ine’s power comes as a gift from the gods, it may also have the descriptor “divine” or “magical.” On the other hand, if it comes from her mutant genetic structure, then it has the descriptor “mutant.” A villain able to nullify mutant powers could potentially nullify all of the heroine’s powers! The number of power descriptors is virtually limitless. The players and Gamemaster should cooperate to apply the appropriate descriptors to characters’ powers and use com- mon sense when dealing with how the different descrip- tors interact. Just because one hero throws “lightning” and an opponent can absorb “electricity” doesn’t mean the vil- lain’s absorption doesn’t work because it’s not the exact same descriptor. Lightning is a form of electricity. A certain amount of flexibility is built into descriptors, allowing them to cover the full range of possible powers. As in all things, the GM is the final arbitrator and should be consistent when ruling on whether or not a particular descriptor is appropri- ate and how all effects and descriptors interact in the series. The powers in this chapter provide numerous examples of descriptors. Feel free to create your own as desired.