---
chunk_id: unit_01987
source: HeroesHandbook
evidence_type: definition
section_path: ["DUPLICATION", "DAMAGING OBJECTS"]
---

Effect: Summon Duplicate, Active • 3 points per rank You can create a duplicate of yourself. Your duplicate is a minion with the same traits as you, except for this power and any hero points. You can spend your own hero points for your duplicate’s actions. You must have this power at a rank equal to your own power point total (not counting Duplication), divided by 15, and rounded up for your duplicate to possess your full abilities. If you have it at a lower rank, create your duplicate as a scaled-down version of yourself, with a power level equal to your rank in this power and starting power points determined accordingly (power rank x 15). So a power level 11 hero who has Duplication 8 creates a power level 8 “duplicate” with (8 x 15) 120 power points and proportionately lower-ranked traits. Your duplicate thinks and acts just like you, so it is au- tomatically helpful toward you. Gamemasters should generally allow the hero’s player to determine the duplicate’s actions. Your duplicate disappears if your power is countered for any reason. You can also make your duplicate disappear at will by turning off your power. You can apply Summon modifiers to this power (see Summon, page 181). Use the Multiple Minions extra to be able to create multiple duplicates. Objects (targets lacking a Stamina rank) take damage similar to other targets. Dazed and staggered results have no real effect on inanimate targets, since they do not take actions. Constructs, capable of action, are dazed and stag- gered normally (see Constructs in the Gadgets & Gear chapter). Inanimate objects are defenseless by definition and there- fore subject to finishing attacks (see Finishing Attack in the Action & Adventure chapter): essentially, you can choose between making your attack on the object as a routine check or, if you make the attack check normally, gaining an automatic critical hit if your attack hits, for a +5 bonus to effect. Attacking an object held or worn by another character is a smash action (see Smash in the Actions section of Chap- ter 8 for more details). If an attacker’s intention is to bend, break or destroy an object, then two degrees of failure on the Toughness check results in a bend or break (such as a hole punched through the object) while three or more degrees of fail- ure means the object is destroyed (shattered, smashed to pieces, etc.). 156156