CHAPTER 2: SECRET ORIGINS

79

•

Identity:  The  Paragon  often  hides  his  or  her  true
identity  from  the  rest  of  the  world.  Often  the  Para-
gon feels that this “normal” identity keeps him or her
grounded and in touch with the rest of humanity.

•  Motivation—Doing Good: The Paragon is motivat-
ed to be a hero because it’s the right thing to do.

•  Motivation—Patriotism:  The  Paragon  is  a  patriot
and fights to uphold the ideals of his or her country.

•  Motivation—Responsibility:  The  Paragon  is  often
motivated  by  the  belief  that  with  power  comes  re-
sponsibility.

•

•

•

Power  Loss:  Usually  caused  by  transforming  back
to a normal human form, some Paragons lack access
to  their  powers  all  the  time.  If  you  choose  this  op-
tion, create a non-powered version of your character
that doesn’t have any of its Powers, has human-level
Abilities, and may even have lower ranks of Skills and
completely different Advantages.

Prejudice:  Some  Paragons  are  appear  inhuman  in
some way and are treated with distrust or fear by the
public.

Relationship:  Paragons  often  have  a  large  number
of  friends,  family,  or  fans  that  get  into  trouble  with
alarming frequency.

•  Weakness: Because the Paragon is so powerful in so
many ways, he or she often suffers from a crippling
weakness to a particular type of attack.

The Powerhouse is the strongest one there is! Where other
archetypes spread their points out amongst a number of
different  powers  and  abilities,  the  Powerhouse  concen-
trates  on  two  things:  strength  and  protection.  In  fights,
the Powerhouse is always on the front line, tearing it up
and,  even  so,  is  usually  the  last  one  standing. The  Pow-
erhouse  is  often  inhuman-looking,  either  because  he  or
she’s been turned into a hulking brute, or is from an alien
world, or is capable of transforming into living stone, steel,
or something equally resistant to damage.
ABILITIES

Roll 1d20 once and record the result.

1-6

7-14

Alternate Form: You are made of a highly resistant
material like metal or stone.

Innate Power: You’re an alien or are from some
hidden offshoot of humanity with incredible powers.

15-20 Mutate/Mutant: You were either born with mutant

powers or were mutated in a one-in-a-million
accident or experiment.

FORM

STRENGTH
4
STAMINA
4

AGILITY
1
DEXTERITY
0

FIGHTING
6
INTELLECT
0

AWARENESS
1
PRESENCE
2

POWER

STRENGTH
4
STAMINA
4

AGILITY
1
DEXTERITY
0

FIGHTING
6
INTELLECT
1

AWARENESS
1
PRESENCE
1

MUTATE/MUTANT

STRENGTH
4
STAMINA
4

AGILITY
0
DEXTERITY
0

FIGHTING
6
INTELLECT
2

AWARENESS
0
PRESENCE
2

Power Attack

Roll  1d20  twice  (re-roll  if  you  get  the  same  result  twice)
and record the results.

1-2

4-6

7-8

Driven: You’re capable of pushing yourself beyond
your limits. Regularly.

Fighter: You know how to fight and mix up your
blows as needed.

Good with Crowds: You can hold your own against
overwhelming odds.

9-10

Popular: You have friends you can call on.

11-13

Team Player: You know your role on a team.

14-17

Tough: You know how to take a hit.

18-20 Quick: You’re faster than you look.

DRIVEN

Extraordinary Effort

FIGHTER

Choose One: Accurate Attack or All-out Attack

CROWDS

Takedown

POPULAR

Connected

80
