CHAPTER 2: SECRET ORIGINS

71

mankind, he or she may also become a hero for the
same reason.

•  Motivation—Recognition:  Some  Gadgeteers  want
their genius recognized not just by other  scientists,
but by millions of adoring fans.

•  Motivation—Responsibility:  The  Gadgeteer  often
feels it’s only right to use his or her incredible intel-
ligence to help others.

•  Motivation—Thrills:  Gadgeteers  love  to  push  the
limit and live on the edge of scientific research, so it
only makes sense that they might like dressing up in
tights and taking on the role of a hero.

•

•

Quirk—Psychological Problems: Perhaps the Gad-
geteer’s  devices  have  slowly  been  poisoning  his
or  her  mind,  or  biofeedback  caused  by  improperly
functioning cybernetics or other mechanical systems
have  caused  the  Gadgeteer  to  exhibit  some  sort  of
mental problem.

Relationship:  Gadgeteers  often  have  a  number  of
important  people  in  their  life,  either  family,  loved
ones, other researchers, or employees who like to get
into trouble.

The Martial Artist has honed his skills in unarmed combat
to  bridge  the  physical  gap  between  him  and  his  super-
powered  associates.  In  fact,  some  Martial  Artists  display
feats  that  seem  impossible  by  normal  standards—and
may have a mystical origin.
ABILITIES

Roll 1d20 once and record the result.

1-6

7-14

Finesse and Control: Your speed and reflexes
almost too fast to be human.

Mystic Endowment: You have unlocked your
body’s potential by cultivating your inner energy.

15-20

Strength and Power: You have trained your body
close to human perfection.

CONTROL

STRENGTH
3
STAMINA
3

AGILITY
7
DEXTERITY
5

FIGHTING
13
INTELLECT
0

AWARENESS
5
PRESENCE
0

ENDOWMENT

STRENGTH
3

AGILITY
5

FIGHTING
12

AWARENESS
6

STAMINA
3

DEXTERITY
5

INTELLECT
1

PRESENCE
1

POWER

AGILITY
6
DEXTERITY
4

STRENGTH
4
STAMINA
4

FIGHTING
12
INTELLECT
1

AWARENESS
4
PRESENCE
1

Agile Feint, Defensive Roll 4, Improved Initiative, Power Attack,
Takedown

Take the advantages listed above, then roll 1d20 once and
record the result.

1-6

Armed Fighter: You are an expert with exotic
weapons.

7-13 Wealthy: You are well connected and rich.

14-20

Well Traveled: You have walked the world righting
wrongs and challenging senseis.

FIGHTER

Equipment 2 (select one weapon), Improvised Weapon, Quick
Draw

WEALTHY

Benefit 3 (Millionaire), Connected

TRAVELED

Contacts, Languages 1 (Choose One), Tracking, Well-informed

If you rolled Mystic Endowment for Abilities, then roll 1d20
once and record the result. Otherwise, roll 1d20 twice (re-
roll if you get the same result twice) and record the results.

1-4

5-8

Earth: You are steadfast and stable.

Fire: You are dynamic and creative.

9-12 Metal: You are transformative and quick.

13-16 Water: You are calm and pliable.

17-20 Wood: You are flexible and supportive.

EARTH

Daze (Intimidation), Diehard, Fearless, Great Endurance

FIRE

Extraordinary Effort, Inspire, Interpose, Leadership

72
